ormer Pakistan president General Pervez Musharraf on Wednesday backed Prime Minister Imran Khan against New Delhi's allegations that said Islamabad was providing safe havens to terrorists. He also accepted that Jaish-e-Mohammed could have been involved in the Pulwama terror attack that left 40 CRPF personnel dead.

In an exclusive conversation with India Today TV's Rahul Kanwal, Musharraf said Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not have any "real emotion" for the CRPF personnel killed in the Pulwama attack.

Over 40 CRPF personnel were killed in the Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM)-led terror attack in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama on February 14, drawing condemnation for Islamabad from across the world.

Pakistan, however, maintains that it was not involved anyhow in the Pulwama attack and will take an action against India, if it continues with its blaming spree. Imran Khan, notably, in his televised speech on February 19, did not utter a word of condolence for the martyred CRPF jawans.

To this end, Musharraf said the Pulwama terror attack was a terrible event to have occurred, but there was no reason to believe that the Pakistan government was party to it.

"It [the Pulwama terror attack] was sad. Extremely terrible. There's no doubt about it. And I have no sympathy for Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar. He had tried to kill me too. But that doesn't prove that Pakistan government was involved in it," Musharraf told India Today TV's Rahul Kanwal.

Musharraf added, "I don't think Imran Khan should or will have any sympathy for Jaish. And I don't believe Pakistan government was involved in it."

'India is wrongly accusing Pakistan'

When confronted with a snatch from Masood Azhar's recently released audio tape where he confirmed Jaish did carry out the attack in Jammu and Kashmir's Pulwama, Musharraf said he did admit that the terror group was responsible for the attack, but the government wasn't involved.

"India has been wrongly accusing Pakistan over everything. It's time you stopped it," he added.

'Modi ke dil mein koi aag nahin hai'

The former Pakistan president said Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not have any "real emotion" for the CRPF personnel killed in the Pulwama attack or for the Kashmiris.

"Modi ke dil mein inn logon ke liye koi aag nahin hai. Agar hoti toh woh pehle woh Kashmir ka maslaa suljhaatey," he said.

'Stop meddling with Pakistan'

Musharraf alleged that India was meddling with Pakistan by ganging up on it -- with help from France and the United States.